Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
Candidates will typically have 8 years of experience in software development, and with data structures/algorithms.
Typically 5 years of experience testing, and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture.
Typically 5 years of experience with machine learning algorithms and tools (e.g., TensorFlow), artificial intelligence, deep learning, or natural language processing.
Experience coding in C++ or Python.
Preferred qualifications:
Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field.
Experience with Natural Language Processing.
Experience with machine learning, generative AI, or similar fields.
About the job
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.
As a Staff Software Engineer, you will strengthen our effort to match user queries with ads that satisfy the underlying user intent with helpful options. Such ads provide advertisers with growth opportunities and users with new perspectives. You will develop AI models that capture relations beyond simple semantics and provide a rich opportunity for innovation and impact.
Google Ads is helping power the open internet with the best technology that connects and creates value for people, publishers, advertisers, and Google. We’re made up of multiple teams, building Google’s Advertising products including search, display, shopping, travel and video advertising, as well as analytics. Our teams create trusted experiences between people and businesses with useful ads. We help grow businesses of all sizes from small businesses, to large brands, to YouTube creators, with effective advertiser tools that deliver measurable results. We also enable Google to engage with customers at scale.